samples: bluetooth: mesh: Add HVAC Integration NLC Profile support (#24063)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/sensor_client/README.rst

Eight different sensor types are used to showcase different ways for the server to publish data.
In addition, the samples demonstrate usage of both :ref:`single-channel sensor types and sensor series types <bt_mesh_sensor_types_channels>`, as well as how to add and write to a sensor setting.

> This sample demonstrates how to implement the following :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_nlc`:
> 
>   * HVAC Integration NLC Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample also demonstrates how to implement the HVAC Integration NLC Profile (see :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_nlc`)
```
